Titel: Head of Internal Audit (m/f/d)
Unternehmen: Rheinknie Therapeutics AG
Ort: Basel, Basel-City, Switzerland (Hybrid)
Quelle: LinkedIn
Link: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4329584410/
Abgerufen am: 22.09.2026 07:12

Rheinknie Therapeutics AG
Basel, Basel-City, Switzerland (Hybrid)
3 days ago · 61 applicants
CHF 175,000.00/yr - CHF 200,000.00/yr
Hybrid · Full-time
Apply
Save

About the job
Rheinknie Therapeutics is a specialty pharmaceutical company focused on biologics and sterile injectables for rare diseases. Around 2,300 colleagues in Basel, Lörrach, Cork and Raleigh develop, manufacture and market eleven products in more than 40 countries. In 2025 we generated revenues of CHF 1.6 billion.

As we prepare for a listing of our shares in 2028, our Board of Directors has decided to build up a fully independent Internal Audit function. We are now looking for its first Head of Internal Audit.

Your role
You report functionally to the Chair of the Audit Committee and administratively to the CFO. You will build a team of four auditors in Basel and work with an external co-sourcing partner for IT and specialist audits.

Your responsibilities
- Set up the Internal Audit charter, methodology and quality programme in line with the IIA Global Internal Audit Standards
- Develop and deliver a risk-based multi-year audit plan covering finance, procurement, commercial operations, IT and third parties
- Lead financial, operational and compliance audits, including GxP-relevant processes together with Quality Assurance
- Assess the design and operating effectiveness of the internal control system and drive the SOX readiness programme with the Group Controller
- Run special investigations together with Legal and Compliance
- Report audit results and the status of remediation actions to the Executive Committee and the Audit Committee
- Recruit, lead and develop the audit team

What you bring
- 12+ years of experience in internal audit or external audit, at least 5 of them leading teams
- Experience in setting up or transforming an internal audit function, ideally in the pharmaceutical or medical technology industry
- Sound knowledge of COSO, ICFR and SOX requirements; experience in a listed company is a strong plus
- CIA, CPA, ACCA or Swiss Certified Expert in Accounting and Controlling
- Excellent English, German is an advantage
- Willingness to travel around 25 % to our sites in Europe and the US

What we offer
- A permanent position with high visibility and direct access to the Board
- Base salary of CHF 175,000 to 200,000 plus an annual bonus of up to 20 % and a long-term incentive plan
- Up to three days per week of home office and flexible working hours
- 25 days of vacation plus the bridge days between Christmas and New Year
- Pension fund with above-average employer contributions
- Free public transport pass for the Basel region, subsidised canteen, on-site gym

This is a permanent, full-time role based in Basel. Applicants must hold or be eligible for a Swiss work permit (EU/EFTA citizenship or an existing permit). We do not work with recruitment agencies for this position.

Rheinknie Therapeutics is an equal opportunity employer. We value diversity and welcome applications from all qualified candidates.

Show less
Seniority level
Director
Employment type
Full-time
Job function
Accounting/Auditing and Finance
Industries
Pharmaceutical Manufacturing

Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Rheinknie Therapeutics AG by 2x
See who you know

Get notified about new Head of Internal Audit jobs in Basel, Basel-City, Switzerland.
Sign in to create job alert

Similar jobs
Internal Audit Manager (m/f/d)
Zug, Zug, Switzerland
1 week ago
Senior Internal Auditor Finance (100%)
Basel, Basel-City, Switzerland
CHF 120,000.00/yr - CHF 140,000.00/yr
4 days ago
Head of Internal Control (m/f/d)
Lörrach, Baden-Württemberg, Germany
2 weeks ago

People also searched
Head of Internal Audit
Internal Audit Director
Chief Audit Executive
SOX Manager
