Titel: Interim Finance Transformation Lead (f/m/x)
Unternehmen: Amstelhaven Ingredients N.V.
Ort: Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands (On-site)
Quelle: LinkedIn
Link: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4350036718/
Abgerufen am: 24.09.2026 07:55

Amstelhaven Ingredients N.V.
Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands (On-site)
1 week ago · Over 100 applicants
Apply
Save

About the job
At Amstelhaven we turn peas, faba beans, oats and potatoes into proteins, starches and fibres for food manufacturers all over the world. Founded as a cooperative starch mill in 1911, we are today a listed company with 3,200 colleagues, eleven plants in the Netherlands, Belgium, Germany, France and Poland and revenues of EUR 1.9 billion.

Our finance function has grown with every acquisition, and it shows. We work with four ERP instances, eleven local finance teams and more than 30 different closing calendars. That is why our Executive Board launched "One Finance", a three-year programme that will take us to one global finance operating model, one SAP S/4HANA system and one way of working.

The role
As Interim Finance Transformation Lead you are responsible for the delivery of the One Finance programme until our permanent programme director joins in the second half of 2027. You report to the Group CFO, lead a programme team of 14 people and steer our system integrator and the consolidation tool partner. You are the face of the programme towards the Executive Board, the country managing directors and the works councils.

What you will do
- Own the programme plan, budget (EUR 38 million) and governance, and chair the monthly steering committee
- Finalise the design of the target operating model: a shared service centre in Kraków for transactional processes and a centre of expertise in Amsterdam for reporting, tax, treasury and FP&A
- Plan and execute the transition waves of the first six entities into the shared service centre, including knowledge transfer and stabilisation
- Harmonise record-to-report, purchase-to-pay and order-to-cash processes across the group
- Work with the SAP S/4HANA programme on the global finance template and the data migration strategy
- Lead the implementation of OneStream for consolidation, planning and reporting, with the target of a five-day group close under IFRS
- Prepare the consultation of the Dutch works council (ondernemingsraad) and the German Betriebsrat on the organisational changes, together with HR
- Manage risks, dependencies and the benefits case, and report progress to the Audit Committee twice a year

What you bring
- 15+ years in finance, of which at least 5 years leading large finance transformation programmes in a multinational manufacturing company
- Hands-on experience with setting up and transitioning to a shared service centre
- Experience with ERP-driven finance transformations, ideally SAP S/4HANA, and with consolidation tools such as OneStream or SAP Group Reporting
- Solid IFRS knowledge and a background as CFO, finance director or group controller
- Experience with works councils in the Netherlands or Germany
- Fluent English; Dutch or German is an advantage
- Availability to work on site at our Amsterdam head office four days per week and to travel to Kraków and to our plants (around 20 % of your time)

Important to know
This role cannot be performed remotely. The programme team, the Executive Board and the system integrator work from our head office at the Amstel, and we need you in the room. We are unable to consider fully remote or mainly remote arrangements for this position.

What we offer
- Interim assignment of 9 to 12 months, starting 1 November 2026
- Day rate of EUR 1,300 to 1,450, excluding VAT, based on a freelance (ZZP) contract or a contract with your own company
- Travel and accommodation for trips to Kraków and to the plants are covered
- A programme that matters: One Finance is one of the three strategic priorities of our Executive Board
- A friendly, international team with colleagues from 23 nationalities

About Amstelhaven
Our purpose is to make plant-based food better and more affordable for everyone. We are proud of our roots in the Dutch countryside and of the farmers who grow our crops, many of them members of our former cooperative. In 2025 we reduced our CO2 emissions per tonne of product by 18 % compared to 2020, and we aim to be climate neutral by 2040.

Diversity and inclusion
We believe diverse teams make better decisions. We welcome applications from everyone, regardless of age, gender, sexual orientation, religion, ethnic background or disability. If you need any adjustments during the application process, please let our recruitment team know.

How we hire
After you apply, our recruitment team will get back to you within five working days. You will first meet our Group CFO in a video call and then present your approach to One Finance to the CFO and two members of the steering committee in Amsterdam. We aim to decide within three weeks, so that you can start on 1 November.

Recruitment agencies
We run this search ourselves. Please do not contact us with unsolicited profiles for this vacancy.

Show more
Show less
Seniority level
Director
Employment type
Contract
Job function
Finance and Project Management
Industries
Food and Beverage Manufacturing

Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Amstelhaven Ingredients N.V. by 2x
See who you know

Get notified about new Finance Transformation Lead jobs in Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands.
Sign in to create job alert

Similar jobs
Finance Transformation Manager
Zuidas Capital Partners
Amsterdam, North Holland, Netherlands
€90,000/yr - €110,000/yr
3 days ago
Interim Group Controller (freelance)
Rotterdam, South Holland, Netherlands
1 week ago
SAP S/4HANA Finance Lead (contract)
Utrecht, Utrecht, Netherlands
2 weeks ago

People also viewed
Head of Finance Operations
Shared Service Centre Lead
Programme Director Finance
