Titel: Interim Chief Compliance Officer (m/f/d)
Unternehmen: Privatbank Seefeld & Cie. AG
Ort: Zurich, Zurich, Switzerland (On-site)
Quelle: LinkedIn
Link: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4350148836/
Abgerufen am: 24.09.2026 08:07

Privatbank Seefeld & Cie. AG
Zurich, Zurich, Switzerland (On-site)
6 days ago · 18 applicants
Apply
Save

About the job
Privatbank Seefeld & Cie. is an independent Swiss private bank founded in 1887. With 260 employees in Zurich and Geneva we manage client assets of CHF 18 billion for private clients and family offices from Switzerland, Germany, Austria and the Middle East.

Our Chief Compliance Officer has left the bank. The search for a permanent successor is under way, and at the same time FINMA has announced an on-site review of our anti-money laundering framework for the first quarter of 2027. We are therefore looking for an experienced interim Chief Compliance Officer who takes over the function now and leads the bank through the review.

Your responsibilities
- Lead the compliance function with 12 specialists in AML, KYC, sanctions and regulatory compliance, reporting to the CEO with a direct line to the Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee
- Prepare the bank for the FINMA on-site review and act as the main contact for FINMA and our regulatory audit firm
- Complete the remediation of the findings from the last regulatory audit, including the review of high-risk business relationships
- Update the compliance risk assessment and the AML risk analysis
- Oversee transaction monitoring, sanctions screening and the handling of suspicious activity reports to MROS
- Review the cross-border rules for clients domiciled in Germany and Austria
- Report quarterly to the Board of Directors and support the selection of the permanent CCO

Your profile
- 12+ years in compliance at a bank or securities firm, of which at least 5 years in a leading role
- In-depth knowledge of the Swiss regulatory framework, in particular the Anti-Money Laundering Act (AMLA), the FINMA Anti-Money Laundering Ordinance and FinSA; this is a must for the role
- Proven experience with FINMA reviews or comparable regulatory examinations
- Experience with the cross-border business with German and Austrian clients
- Fluent English and German; French is an advantage
- Willingness to work on site in Zurich four days per week

Please note
Because of Swiss banking secrecy and our data protection requirements, the role cannot be performed from outside Switzerland. Remote work is possible on one day per week from a location in Switzerland.

What we offer
- Interim mandate for 9 months with an option to extend, starting 1 December 2026 or earlier
- Day rate of CHF 1,700
- Contract via your own company or through a Swiss contracting entity of your choice
- An open, collegial culture in a bank that has been independent for almost 140 years

Show more
Show less
Seniority level
Executive
Employment type
Contract
Job function
Legal
Industries
Banking

Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Privatbank Seefeld & Cie. AG by 2x
See who you know

Get notified about new Chief Compliance Officer jobs in Zurich, Zurich, Switzerland.
Sign in to create job alert

Similar jobs
Senior AML Officer (m/f/d)
Geneva, Geneva, Switzerland
CHF 140,000/yr - CHF 165,000/yr
1 week ago
Head of Regulatory Compliance
Zug, Zug, Switzerland
2 weeks ago
Compliance Officer Private Banking (80-100 %)
Lugano, Ticino, Switzerland
4 days ago

People also searched
Chief Compliance Officer
Head of Compliance
AML
Interim Management
